Angular 2025: Update module for Angular components (#1788)
rolling-scopes-school/tasks: angular/modules/components/README-ENG.md

# [Angular schedule.](../../README.md) Components.

## In this module, you will learn:

- How Angular applications are structured.
- What are `Components` and Templates?
- Data binding: one-way and two-way.

> - `Component` lifecycle methods.

Reviewer: Let's keep it consistent across the modules to avoid confusions
```suggestion
- `Component` lifecycle hooks.
```

- How to create and use `Components` in practice.

> - Introduction to `Standalone Components`: how to create, use, and understand their benefits.

Reviewer: Just a minor improvement
```suggestion
- Introduction to `Standalone Components`: how to create, use, and benefit from them.
```
